Bahubali is an Indian bilingual epic historical fiction movie directed by S.S. Rajamouli, produced by ShobuYarlagadda and
Prasad Devineni, in the two cinematic parts (first release in 2015 as Bahubali: The Beginning and second release as Bahubali:
The Conclusion in April 2017). Originally shot in South Indian languages i.e. Telugu and Tamil, it has also become a great hit
in North India when Dharma Production released this monumental movie in Hindi.
The film released on 10 July 2015 in 4,000 screens worldwide in Telugu, Tamil, Hindi and Malayalam languages. A record
number of 1600 screens in Telugu, 1500 screens in Hindi, 350 in Tamil and 225 screens in Malayalam were booked for the
release The film was released in USA a day earlier by BlueSky Cinemas in 135 screens. A premier show was also held on 9
July at Prasads IMAX Hyderabad. The film's release in Kerala was hindered amidst a close down by a section of theatres over
the piracy issue of Malayalm film Premam and released only in few theatres. The Telugu version of the film was presented
by K. Raghavendra Rao, Tamil version by K.E. Gnanavel Raja, Sri Thenandal Films and UV Creations, Karan
Johar presented the Hindi versionand Global United Media presented the Malayalam theatrical version. International version
of the film which is 20 minutes shorter than the original one, done by Vincent Tabaillon was screened at Busan International
Film Festival. Producers of the film had planned to release the film in China in over 5000 screens in November 2015 by E
Stars Films.
Baahubali is the biggest release in China for an Indian film; beating PK which was released on 22 May 2015.The film is
also set to release in Japan. Twin Co which is a leading distributor for international films in Japan has acquired the rights for screening of the film. The producer Shobu Yarlagadda who struck the deal at Busan Asian Film Market also revealed his
plans to release the movie in Latin America, Germany and European countries. MVP Entertainment is set to release the movie
in Thailand, Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Myanmar, and Timor-Leste countries. Sun Distribution acquired the distribution
rights of the movie in Latin American countries while Creative Century Entertainment got the rights for Taiwan. In Korea, the
movie is scheduled to be released via Enter mode Corp. Arka International, which is the sales arm for International release
has made arrangements to release the movie in Germany and 70 other territories.